Update to clarify cert requirements (#6267)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/tutorials/warp-to-tunnel.md

Your rule will now be visible under the **Device enrollment rules** list.

## (Optional) Configure the Cloudflare certificate

> Installing the Cloudflare certificate on your devices is not a requirement for private network routing. However, the certificate allows Cloudflare Gateway to inspect and secure HTTP traffic to your private network. You can distribute this certificate through an MDM provider or install it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the Cloudflare certificate on your devices is not a requirement for private network routing. However, the certificate allows Cloudflare Gateway to inspect and secure HTTPS traffic to your private network. You can distribute this certificate through an MDM provider or install it manually.
```
HTTP traffic entering the network doesn't require the certificate to inspect.

Your rule will now be visible under the **Device enrollment rules** list.

> ## Configure the Cloudflare certificate (Optional) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## (Optional) Configure the Cloudflare certificate
```

> To inspect traffic, Cloudflare Gateway requires that a [certificate be installed](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert/) on enrolled devices. You can also distribute this certificate through an MDM provider. The example below describes the manual distribution flow. However, this is not a requirement for private network routing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installing the Cloudflare certificate on your devices is not a requirement for private network routing. However, the certificate enables Cloudflare Gateway to inspect traffic to your private network. You can distribute this certificate through an MDM provider or install it manually.
```

To download the Cloudflare certificate, refer to [Install the Cloudflare certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/install-cloudflare-cert/). To find the certificate in the Zero Trust Dashboard, go to **Settings** > **Devices** > **Certificates**.

> ## Enable the Cloudflare proxy (Optional)

Reviewer 3: This is not optional. We need traffic to go through Gateway. Is this off by default? If we so we should revisit default settings here and enable Gateway by default when account is created.

Reviewer 2: Then only TLS decryption is optional?

> ## Enable the Cloudflare proxy (Optional)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## (Optional) Enable the Cloudflare proxy
```

> Once the certificate has been installed, you can configure Gateway to inspect HTTP traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This step is only required if you have installed the certificate and want Gateway to inspect your HTTP traffic.
```

1. Go to **Settings** > **Network**.

2. Toggle **Proxy** to Enabled. This will tell Cloudflare to begin proxying any traffic from enrolled devices, except the traffic excluded using the [split tunnel](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/exclude-traffic/) settings.

> 3. Toggle **TLS decryption** to Enabled. This will tell Cloudflare to begin decrypting traffic for inspection from enrolled devices, except the traffic excluded from inspection. Again, this step is optional if you have not configured the Cloudflare certificate. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Toggle **TLS decryption** to Enabled. This will tell Cloudflare to begin decrypting traffic for inspection from enrolled devices, except the traffic excluded from inspection.
```
